What's the new one that's got it get Clooney or the first provision we glue on our virtual machine in
a small time.
And it's happened faster.
How do fast provision or linkit Cronyn work.
We have the virtual machine.
This one.
IBM dequeue file for example is being decie consume three or four terabytes.
In this situation we can't make up Falconi it will take a lot of time but of course in your situation
if you need a Falconi you need to do it and give it all the time necessary to complete the process.
But in a specific situation you need a virtual machine for example a temporary type or simple service
etc..
You can do our first provision cloning.
So what's happened in the provision cloning or linkit cloning.
So we have to hear a machine a tab on a hard disk or better yet hard disk that used the data on say
write and read from the disk when we run ah link it.
Clooney what's happened.
No the VM what we're going to create our Snapshot to this virtual machine.
And that's why we didn't cover link it cloning in the preview cost because we didn't cover the snapshots.
So know when we covered the snapshot when we ran a link it cannot It's create a snapshot virtual machine
the first snapshot that's created it creates our pipeline if you will.
But they'll fight the Stigand VM decie that will save ancient Chopan from this military machine.
But I mean this virtual machine will start using the original disk for read only and the second that
is for read.
Right.
So the virtual machine start using the original disk for read only and use the new disk for read and
write any updates happened to disabuse because machine will be sorted into desktop and disk then do.
VM what will Clun do.
Does this work.
But of course it will be a numpty.
They'll see this because when we make Deukalion in Hickory the snapshot for this victory and machine
that's main phrase this disk and do this for the read only and creates an empty disk and into some tape
will clone this data disk to a new data disk that would be using for our modern virtual machine.
So in this situation we have to the disk and one original disk so the disk is similar to this one.
The same situation in the US does this that virtual machine connect to do this to see if any change
and connect to the original disk for read only.
And the new virtual machine let's call it a SIGINT or a comma will connect to the new Delta disk for
any change.
As right on the right and connected original disk for read only.
So in this situation with this but there's lots of only two or five megabytes it would be a first copy
of this deal that this new discovery that this spawning it will have a new data as quick as possible
and a virtual machine a and b say couldn't connect to the same origin or disk and sort of to change
án separates bodies into VM.
A second will save the chance in this deal to disk and save the change in this deal.
This.